= '''Cheyne''' for Microsoft Lync =

Cheyne (pronounced "chain", as in a connected series of "links") is a local conversation history recorder for Microsoft Lync (and its successor, Skype for Business). It hooks directly into the Lync SDK to receive messages.

This software is useful for people who want to keep conversation history and cannot use the history features of Lync or Skype for Business (e.g. it is disabled by IT administrators through group policy), or for those who may just want more control over their data.

Currently, conversations are stored in [your documents]\LyncIMHistory folder. In a future release, support for an encrypted history database will be added.

Forked from LyncIMLocalHistory by Jonas Bujok (https://github.com/bujocek); many thanks to Jonas for his blessing.

;Please, if you like this software, buy Jonas a beer:
:Jonas Bujok
:gbl@bujok.cz

= License =
<pre>
*************************************NOTE**************************************
As a special case, items located under the NONFREE directory are not subject to
the below copyright notice and license. Instead, information pertaining to the
appropriate licensing and copyright information is included in a LICENSE.TXT
alongside the relevant files.

The remainder of this repository, unless otherwise specified, is subject to 
the below copyright notice and licence information.
*******************************************************************************

Copyright (c) 2016 Jonas Bujok & Raspberry Aether

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
</pre>
